# Flutter Topics

## Bloc with RxDart
Learned from: [Udemy Course](https://www.udemy.com/course/dart-and-flutter-the-complete-developers-guide/) <br/>
Login page implementation [Source](https://github.com/sandeepdewangan/bloc1)

## Device Camera Access
https://github.com/sandeepdewangan/flutter-devicecam

## Flutter Shop App (udemy course)
https://github.com/sandeepdewangan/flutter-shop

## Expense Manager (incomplete)
https://github.com/sandeepdewangan/flutter-expense-manager

# Flutter Learning Path

## Pawan Kumar

### 1. Getting Started (MUST)

Dart Basics 
https://youtu.be/0CTj3x6jgeY

Flutter Complete Course for Beginners 
https://youtu.be/6wQwnTIBD1Y

VSCode Extensions (Optional)
https://youtu.be/Nl2kmAbC0bg

### 2.1. Develop UIs

Flutter WhatsApp Clone App
https://youtu.be/2Tyrofn6zPg

Flutter Instagram Clone App
https://youtu.be/Z9fsyhKHWDg

Login Page (Optional) 
https://youtu.be/iYH2jzUM1Nc

Cleaning App Login & Onboarding 
https://youtu.be/HW1P25kG0_k

### 2.2. Develop UIs

Flutter Travel UI with Animations
https://youtu.be/IijBHKiE9mI

Making Ubuntu like terminal
https://youtu.be/kKsVdFPcoNY

Responsive Portfolio
https://youtu.be/0GjsJEF9MaA

Responsive Portfolio (Web)
https://youtu.be/QAHqlsAky_4

### 2.3. Develop UIs

Beautiful Nike Web Design (Optional)
https://youtu.be/GTL97K_xLOs

Adobe XD Flutter Tutorial
https://youtu.be/ZcS66NNbTGw

Adobe XD Flutter Truecaller UI
https://youtu.be/E8F89H4argY

### 3.1. Develop Apps

Build a Gif Search Engine (Must)
https://youtu.be/akMH3UOvYu8

Gender Prediction App
https://youtu.be/o1FSQOeDcYE

Pokemon App (Must)
https://youtu.be/yeXJqZCiwTQ

Cocktail App
https://youtu.be/l4myDi8hiQs

Responsive Game of Thrones App
https://youtu.be/c0-dC74Sw9Y

### 3.2. Develop Apps

Quiz App Tutorial
https://youtu.be/02sRV-eGGo0

DevFest App Series (Must) (Must) 
https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLR2qQy0Zxs_Vju3tKnYgzbAhywHHPuDjQ

TicTacToe Game (Optional)
https://youtu.be/u1KD6Kz0PIQ

QRCode Scanner App (Optional)
https://youtu.be/siuJhQ9BqsU

### 4.1. Full Fledged App ( Frontend + Backend )

Blockchain Smart Contract Flutter App
https://youtu.be/3Eeh3pJ6PeA

QuotesX App
https://youtu.be/_65Ixfu9nSo

### 4.2. Full Fledged App ( Frontend + Backend )

Flutter Angel App (Optional)
https://youtu.be/ggmjumYogEo

Scraping Stack Overflow Using Python
https://youtu.be/EolFGrohtzw

Flutter StackOverflow App
https://youtu.be/-MBWdZ1u8tQ

### 5.  Flutter + Firebase

Rapid Prototyping With Flutter & Firebase
https://youtu.be/V-JlLvfzsI0

Flutter With Firebase (Updated Series coming soon)
https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLR2qQy0Zxs_VVyTb04FzZ2_lnhSB4rAI-

Flutter Wallpaper App (Learn to deploy to stores) (Must)
https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLR2qQy0Zxs_VlZtvRBWqOyP0VYHrP4_8n

### 6.1. Rookie / Basic Concepts

Material Chat App Design (Optional)
https://youtu.be/Yd-bgqe3DxA

Local JSON App (Must)
https://youtu.be/bTwTKwK3hGc

Fetching Data Using HTTP (Must)
https://youtu.be/aIJU68Phi1w

Material Drawer (Must)
https://youtu.be/JWuXj0BY_s4

### 6.2. Rookie / Basic Concepts

Age Calculator App 
https://youtu.be/6y9Ce76amjY

SQflite + MVP + Login Tutorial
https://youtu.be/Yzfxqd9-6QY

Flutter App Lifecycle (Must)
https://youtu.be/f9m_Wc4K5v0

Validate forms (Must)
https://youtu.be/RlBfFswZ94U

### 6.3. Rookie / Basic Concepts

Dynamic Theming
https://youtu.be/XdUMp9k5JCI

Routes in Flutter (Must)
https://youtu.be/vyXWqOmkxe8

Access Camera  (Optional)
https://youtu.be/ZkpHzbOm-s0

Real Splash Screen Tutorial 
https://youtu.be/BjV4RMkVY6w

### 7.1. Intermediate Concepts

Flutter Animations
https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLR2qQy0Zxs_XxsqomPw6ka7F0Q76FQnWx

The Internal Working of Flutter Animations
https://youtu.be/PCUuCdm4uc0

Flutter Reactive State Management With MOBX
https://youtu.be/JYOBORVtJ50

### 7.2. Intermediate Concepts

BloC Pattern on WhiteBoard (Must)
https://youtu.be/LSljItPM_UE

Bloc Pattern Demo
https://youtu.be/_6yXf7kcA8A

CI / CD in Flutter with Codemagic
https://youtu.be/tp1TFm-rO8U

Fastest Flutter Development | VelocityX
https://youtu.be/G0fGsI-pEOY

### 7.3. Intermediate Concepts

VelocityX Playlist
https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLR2qQy0Zxs_UHLXSYbK50jEapx0ORmLYv
 
Flutter Weekly Widgets (Must)
https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLR2qQy0Zxs_Wot7YfLeeKdMlJ9838C_w0

Flutter Library of the week (Must)
https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLR2qQy0Zxs_UXyXHjtMba2AaVb3pLOHJb

### ### 8.1. PRO / Advanced Concepts

Flutter State Restoration Tutorial
https://youtu.be/Z_LNj8YAh50

Async Programming (Must)
https://youtu.be/JJ4MvlXooCU

Semantic Versioning (Optional)
https://youtu.be/iua7TjbeRHA

Dart LINQ
https://youtu.be/m9_HpEGOOFU

### 8.2. PRO / Advanced Concepts

Clipping (Optional) 
https://youtu.be/fqqY3NBVVHA

Curve Clipping (Optional)
https://youtu.be/LnUhNTUl3Mc

Flutter Zoom In Zoom Out And Rotate
https://youtu.be/bYrZnVGyYc8

Storing Keys in .env file
https://youtu.be/OtkrNQxJzBQ

### 8.3. PRO / Advanced Concepts

Build first package
https://youtu.be/iOqtl8-iDE0

Signature App with Cutompainter
https://youtu.be/zu-do2luSAo

Internet Connectivity (Must)
https://youtu.be/QxE-hEa16gA

Expandable And Sticky Headers List (Optional)
https://youtu.be/vDgdzfcFBy0

### 8.4. PRO / Advanced Concepts

Google Static Maps (Optional)
https://youtu.be/2PVHzuuN9Ww

Build your first Plugin
https://youtu.be/TZRpCGQsBCw

MLKit Tutorial (Optional)
https://youtu.be/vT6gNFE0GBw

Download Large Files/ Json/ Pdf (Must)
https://youtu.be/Gru7swUQqsg

### 8.5. PRO / Advanced Concepts

Material Search Bar (Must)
https://youtu.be/FPcl1tu0gDs

Face ID & Touch ID
https://youtu.be/w0-UB7rx8TA

Preventing Screenshots
https://youtu.be/iVNTTX5GrUc

Gmail Like FAB (Optional)
https://youtu.be/fiOAAiZ41Zs

### 8.6. PRO / Advanced Concepts

ARCore Flutter
https://youtu.be/Gf-Qu29RLUo

ARKit Flutter
https://youtu.be/aHgzAfwxMQk

Flutter PDF Viewer Tutorial
https://youtu.be/5S9qjreGFNc

Background Fetch (Must)
https://youtu.be/NhlPK10_k9E

### 8.7. PRO / Advanced Concepts

Click, Pick, Crop & Compress an image (Must)
https://youtu.be/NhlPK10_k9E

Flutter App Bundle (Must) (Must)
https://youtu.be/dRbmjsqERVw

Lazy Loading ListViews
https://youtu.be/JaVjHDdoVOg

Styling google maps
https://youtu.be/LWAAOyQknvY

### 8.8 PRO / Advanced Concepts

Widgets size and position using Render Object (Must)
https://youtu.be/_uMLR7D4npE

Flutter TensorFlow Lite
https://youtu.be/0pYh7Js4GM8

Flutter For Web & Desktop (Must)
https://youtu.be/l4myDi8hiQs

Flutter Windows Desktop (Must)
https://youtu.be/1bkcq3lO900

### 8.9. PRO / Advanced Concepts

Deploying to Github pages 
https://youtu.be/ajSliNbczi0

Flutter PWA
https://youtu.be/abKzgvl-Ceg

Flutter Null Safety Live Migration Tutorial
https://youtu.be/pCTz2fA8qV0

Thanks :) #Flutter 

Find the entire playlist here - 
https://bit.ly/36bpHXS
